Subtitles by explosiveskull
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hello?
You call when you get there.
Okay?
You call collect
at the restaurant.
When I hear your voice,
I can add the charges.
Pa, I think I can find a phone
to call and talk to you.
It's okay. Save money.
In case of emergency,
you need petty cash.
Take it.
You be good.
Study hard.
I'll see you at Christmas.
I love you.
Okay.
Hi, roomie. I'm Jeanine.
I'm so happy to meet you.
Oh, this is my Mom.
She likes to be called Mary
and not Mrs. Rockwell.
She thinks it makes
her seem younger.
Do not listen
to a word she says,
but do call me Mary, dear.
It's very nice to meet you.
I'm Angie Wang.
It's nice to meet you.
Hi, Angie.
Matt Rockwell, Jeanine's father.
I already know I'm young
so I don't need the validation,
but still feel free
to call me Matt.
Very nice to meet you.
Uh, Steve, brother.
Pleasure.
It's horrid.
Honestly,
the utter lack of taste.
Oh, Mother, for goodness sake.
Don't cry.
I'll be fine.
What is wrong?
I hate you!
Don't forget to call and try not
to eat too much junk food.
You don't want to fall victim
to the freshman 15.
- Just like your mother did?
- Uh.
Come along dear while we
still have some dignity.
Bye, Daddy.
Take care, Angie.
Great to meet you.
- Same.
- Bye-bye. Love you.
Good fucking, Lord.
I thought they'd never leave.
I'm so sorry.
They're not always like that.
I thought they were great.
Oh, you're sweet.
Are you ready for
a little treat?
Sure.
The bar is open.
That is amazing.
My mom does not know, of course.
She would blow a gasket.
She's a fucking hypocrite.
Stevie and I always sneak these
on family vacations.
They make them
so much more tolerable.
Try it.
- Cheers.
Let's go find some fun.
Stop!
Fuck.
Please look over
your course outlines.
If you have any questions,
feel free to see me
in my office.
The hours are posted on my door.
Until next time,
class is dismissed.
Hi.
Uh, I don't remember seeing
you in any classes last year.
Who'd you have for 35?
Oh, I'm a freshman now.
So I'm taking 35 too.
What? With 36?
That's unheard of.
Are you some kind of masochist?
Yeah, you could say that.
I'm Tommy.
Angie.
Hey, want to grab some lunch?
We can go to C-Cubed?
What's that?
C-Cubed, Crocker Cardinal Café.
The food is infinitely better
than the dining halls.
And if you have time,
I can give you a little campus
tour on my scooter.
Okay.
Great.
Hey, do you need
a license to drive a scooter?
I have actually
almost the same pair.
- Nice outfit.
- Thanks.
Salvation Army
for prostitutes?
- Alex.
- Hey, ladies.
Welcome. My name is Alex,
and I will be your
minister of fun for the evening.
Are you, uh,
all set with drinks?
We could use a round of drinks.
Your wish is my command.
That is Alex Hodge.
Sophomore, swimmer,
training for Seoul, I think.
Got a shoulder injury that might
keep him from trials in LA,
but I'm not
a hundred percent positive.
You're like a goddamn groupie.
She is.
Training for Seoul? What?
Does he want to be, like,
a dancer or something?
Seoul. Korea?
'88 Olympic games.
Were you raised by wolves?
He is one fine steed.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
Thank you.
Do you have anything
that's stronger than this
watered down piss?
Might be nice to catch a buzz.
Agreed.
What have you got there?
- Water.
- I'm hydrating.
- He's hydrating.
- Oh.
You know, if you ladies are into
something a little more intense,
I think I have just
the thing for you.
Ladies.
D, my man.
I was just educating these two
lovelies about better living
through pharmaceuticals.
What is that? Valium?
I don't want to pass out, guys.
No, it's not Valium.
My drug is heavy, hottie.
- Ecstasy.
- Ecstasy?
- Uh-huh.
- The club drug?
- How much?
- Oh, please.
For you two,
first hits are on me.
You are quite the gracious host,
but we're going to pass.
- Let's go, Ang.
- Oh.
I'm down. Hit me.
- Um, are you sure?
- You are my kind of girl.
Yeah.
Just let it melt on your tongue.
Some of the best shit
on the market.
Comes from a lab in Germany.
Can't you get it domestically?
It's tough, limited suppliers.
My guy says it
flies off the shelves.
- You won't be disappointed.
- Thank you, but no thanks.
Let's dance.
I'll see you guys in a bit.
Fuck me, baby.
- Yeah?
- Fuck me.
- Harder.
Want me to fuck you?
- Fuck me.
- Yeah?
- Fuck me harder.
- You like that?
Yeah, baby.
You like when I fuck you.
No!
Just fuck her and
let's get the fuck out of here.
- Hurry up.
- No!
Yes. Yeah.
No.
No. It hurts.
You want
some more beer, lady?
Huh? You want some more beer?
That was intense.
Yeah.
Hey, stud. Yeah.
I guess I owe you 20.
Did you, uh?
- No.
- Christen the pool table?
What are you
talking about, dude?
- What? We just... you know.
- Dude, shut the fuck up!
Sorry about that.
Yeah.
You know what, frat boy?
I wasn't born yesterday.
Tell you what,
when you collect that 20,
you owe me ten.
Oh, and uh, just as
a friendly piece of advice,
you should really learn
how to eat pussy properly.
Was that your first time?
Because it was sloppy.
Worst fucking head I ever got.
Shit.
Sorry to wake you, Neen.
Go back to sleep.
Where the hell were you?
One minute you were
dancing and then...
Oh, Sarah started spewing
everywhere like the Exorcist.
All hell broke loose.
- How is she?
- She's fine.
That girl
just can't hold her liquor
or her shitty watered down beer.
Where did you go?
I tried to find you.
Uh...
I was dancing and then I turned
around, and you were gone.
You hooked up with
that swimmer, didn't you?
Just a little.
We kissed.
Just kissed? Bullshit.
I hear that that XF
makes you very amorous.
Oh, that was some kick ass dope.
I'm still rolling.
Great. So now, you're going
to keep me up all night doping?
Who the fuck says doping?
White girl.
Doper.
Is that my bra?
I was looking for that.
Hey, is anyone home?
Fuck with my motherfucking shit!
I'll get on you!
What the fuck you want?
Hi. I'm Angie Wang.
I'm here to spend time with
Brianna from Big Sisters.
Ah, yeah. Yeah, that.
I thought you were
going to be white,
rich white kid from Crocker.
Well, I ain't rich
and I sure as shit ain't white,
but I do go to Crocker.
All right then.
Come on in.
Bree!
- Bree!
- What?
What the fuck's wrong with you?
You get that shit on the carpet,
I'll bust you in the head!
- You hear me, girl?
- I heard you!
Y'all two shut the fuck up.
Crocker lady here.
Hey, Bree.
I'm Angie.
What are you watching?
- Sally Jesse.
- Oh, I watch that sometimes.
It's kind of funny.
I'd rather watch cartoons,
but we only got one TV.
Me too.
My father and my brother used
to always watch Tom and Jerry,
but I hated that.
I used to wish Tom
would just eat Jerry.
That's mean!
I know, but I wanted to watch
Josie and the Pussycats.
What's that?
Oh, it's this excellent cartoon
about a group.
They played music
and solved crimes.
Were they cats?
Nah, but they wore
pussycat ears and tails.
Oh.
So, I wanted to see if you
wanted to get some ice cream?
Mama, can I?
Ain't no place to get
ice cream around here.
I was thinking, maybe we could
take the bus to University Ave.?
Yeah, yeah. I guess so.
You need to get
her back by nine, though.
She got school tomorrow.
- Of course.
- You paying, right?
I ain't got no cash
for no ice cream.
Yeah, I got it.
We could use some
soda and cigarettes.
Maybe you could
pick some up for us?
Are we really going
to get ice cream?
Yeah, but you got to promise
to still eat your dinner, okay?
I already ate it.
Are you sure it wasn't lunch.
It's only three.
What did you have?
You saw, the cheese puffs.
Those cheese puffs
weren't really dinner, though.
They were just a snack, right?
They were dinner.
Mama said we ain't
got no food stamps yet.
Are you hungry?
- No.
- Well, I'm hungry.
Let's see if we
can get something.
Do you like pizza?
I like McDonald's.
Okay.
Let's see if we can find one.
Really? And ice cream?
And ice cream.
You must be rich.
Aw, fuck!
Yes.
Hey, Pa, it's Angie.
Angie, later time. Very busy.
Why you calling, huh?
You in trouble? Everything okay?
Yeah.
What's up?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Just calling to say hi.
Look, I got a letter
from school.
I can't afford more money.
Already working very hard.
I told you Crocker
too expensive, for rich kids.
Maybe you come home, huh?
Go to school in Newark.
Told you
I can't afford that school.
What are you doing?
Come shopping with us.
No, I can't.
You must be rich.
Crocker too expensive,
for rich kids.
Maybe you come home, huh?
Comes from a lab
in Germany.
Can't you get it domestically?
It's tough, limited suppliers.
My guy says it
flies off the shelves.
Hey.
It looks like you
bought out the entire mall.
I just wanted something sexier.
I'm tired of preppy.
I look like fucking Gidget.
You'd actually look better
in half this stuff than I would.
Here.
Take these.
No, I couldn't.
Why not?
Take them or I take them
to the Salvation Army.
In that case, thanks Neen.
De rien.
I need the closet space.
Hey, um, what are you
doing for Thanksgiving?
Uh, I hadn't even
thought about it.
I doubt I'll fly home, though.
It's too expensive.
Why don't you come home with me?
Our maids are really good cooks.
Maids?
Christ, would I have
to dress for dinner?
Yep. Mary doesn't allow
riff raff at the dinner table.
Oh, please.
Save me from the misery
of my retched family.
And my friend, Heath,
is having his annual rager.
Say you'll come.
Sure, Neen. I'd love to.
Thanks for the invite.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit! I got to go!
Where the hell are you going?
It's a Saturday.
Uh, I'm just working on
a project in the lab,
and I needed to keep
my eye on it.
Jesus.
You're never here anymore.
- Meet for dinner?
- Maybe. I don't know.
I've just got
so much stuff to do.
But let's definitely go to the
Delta fucker, fucker party.
See ya.
Bye.
I thought I'd find you
here, teacher's pet.
How's your project coming along?
Hi, Tommy.
So, what are you,
uh, working on?
What's this?
You're making aspirin?
No. It's three, four
methylenedioxymethamphetamine.
MDMA.
You mean that party drug?
I'm actually impressed
you know what it is.
And you're doing what?
Are you synthesizing it?
Yep. It's actually
pretty straightforward.
I don't know whether
to be horrified
or impressed with you right now.
And I'm pretty sure
it's illegal.
Wrong, wrong and wrong again.
It's not actually on the list
of banned controlled substances.
Shrinks use it.
Here.
Done by a Dow chemist, huh?
Shulgin.
Okay. I will admit
it's pretty interesting.
Ang, this is pretty advanced.
I could definitely
get you a job at Squib.
Listen, there's a huge demand
for this shit.
If you help me out,
I'll cut you in.
No, Ang.
I'm not like you. I can't handle
all that excitement.
Look, I'm not gonna
rat you out,
but I don't want any part of it.
Seriously, be careful, please.
I will, Tommy.
I know how to
take care of myself.
Remember that shit
you gave me last time?
Found you
a domestic manufacturer.
See if you can
move this tonight.
I can get you more.
I'm sold out.
When can I get more?
You ready, Neen?
I'm so ready.
You might need
to change for dinner.
Oh, shut up. Can we just get
this show on the road?
Good fucking, Lord.
Whoever heard of an 18-year-old
who can't drive a car?
Why don't you have your license?
Fuck you. I've driven.
I just don't have a license.
I'm a great fucking driver.
Well, you must have
been raised by wolves.
Wolves have the best weed.
- Ah.
- Oh.
Let's do it.
Hello?
- Hi.
- Shh.
Pull yourself together.
Shh, shh.
Oh, my God.
Oh.
No.
How's your breath?
Hmm...
it's okay if you're a member of
a fucking reggae band.
We'll be in my room.
Where's your room?
It's upstairs. Come on.
You have
a really big house.
You have a really big mouth.
- Shh.
- Shh. You shh!
Oh, ooh!
Are you okay?
Hey, Mom says to hurry.
Easy for her to say.
I haven't been drinking at the
goddamn beauty parlor all day.
Neen, please. No drama tonight.
Everybody's in a good mood.
Let's keep it that way. Okay?
Sorry, Stevie? Is she coherent?
Only just.
You guys have weed?
Neen, you should always share
drugs with your little brother.
Where is the sense
of familial obligation?
You girls getting enough?
- Oh, Yeah.
- So good.
- Yeah, absolutely.
- It's so delicious.
I think it's quite clear
that Jeanine has had enough.
What are you saying?
I am simply saying
what everyone is thinking.
- Mom.
- She gained a bit of weight.
- This happens.
- Mary.
This happens the first
semester of college,
but sweetheart,
you just have to be careful.
You need to back off.
You're absolutely right, Mother.
All I am saying is you are
very lucky to have gotten into
Crocker in the first place. So
you better make the best of it.
That is bullshit!
She earned it, and you know it!
It is not a time
to just be disregarding...
- Dad, let it go.
- ...taking care of yourself.
- Remember when you were little?
- You do this all the time!
- You were always the one.
- Can you please?
- I knew from that time.
- Back off!
Do you remember in kindergarten?
You're not helping her!
It would be nice if you
backed me up once in a while.
Back you up? I don't
do enough as it is already?
Jesus Christ!
You always had to try
a little bit harder.
Can we have Thanksgiving
where we don't do this?
Angie, you are welcome
in our home anytime.
Thank you for the invite.
Maybe you should have
a little bit of water. Hmm?
I think I am doing just fine.
Why didn't you wear
the silk blouse?
It looks so much nicer on you
than this.
I'm going to go change
right now, actually.
- Jeanine, please.
- That's terrific.
- Please excuse me.
- You are excused.
It looks lovely on you
that blouse.
Jeanine.
Nice. Really nice.
Are you sure you're okay, babe?
Yeah. I'm sure.
Can you spare some of that shit?
Always for you.
Free at last.
Let's go have some fucking fun.
Yes.
Hey, so glad you can make it.
Name your poison.
We've got it all.
Tequila?
- Yes.
- Shots.
Yes. This way.
- Ah, yes!
- Yeah!
Uh-oh.
Mm, yes.
The party has officially begun.
Yeah.
You ladies are on fire.
Ang has the most righteous
Ecstasy in all of California.
I'm intrigued.
Well, 25 bucks a hit
will quench your curiosity.
It's well worth it.
Here you go.
There you go.
- Get ready.
- Oh, yeah.
Oh, shit.
I feel so fucking good! Ecstasy!
Hey guys, did I
hear you say Ecstasy?
Do you know where
I might be able to get some?
How much do you want?
Give me six.
- Thank you.
Ang, where did you go?
I'm right here.
We need to get some
of whatever they're on.
I can't believe I watched
the ice princess give a blowjob.
My life is complete.
I can die a happy woman.
Fuck you.
Though I will admit,
I'm a convert.
That stuff is rad.
And it's lucrative too.
How much money did you make?
I sold all 100 hits, so $2500.
Merry Xmas. Ho, ho, ho.
Indeed you are.
Anita?
Looky here.
It's China girl from Crocker.
Brianna!
Get your funky ass out here.
Big Sister's here.
Your fine Big Sister.
Why don't you give a
big brother some sugar?
Anita home?
Anita!
Yeah, that skanky ass
fucking bitch.
- Yeah, she here all right.
- Yeah.
Come on, bitch.
Get yo ass out here.
What your ass doing here?
You supposed to be getting us
some damn cigarettes.
You gonna go some suck some dick
for some cigarettes?
Huh?
Who the fuck you talking to?
Who you talking to, huh?
Who the fuck you think
you talking to?
Motherfucker!
Motherfucker! You going to come
in my mother-fucking house
and try to beat on me!
You get the fuck out of here!
You get the fuck out of here,
motherfucker!
I don't need you or
your crotch-rot ass pussy!
I'm so sorry about that.
- What the fuck y'all looking at?
- Is Bree home?
Yeah. She almost ready.
She coming.
Where's Bree?
Bree?
Cigarettes. You need to get us
damn cigarettes!
Bree?
Come on out.
It's Angie.
Bree?
Hey.
How long you been in there?
Are you hungry?
Got some treats for you.
It's okay. Come on out.
No, no, no, no. It's okay.
Promise.
It's okay. I've got you.
You want to come see where
I live? It's okay. I've got you.
Ain't nobody gonna
take my baby from me!
No, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no. It's okay.
I-I'm not taking her.
I'm just taking her
out for ice cream, okay?
Just like last time.
I promised her.
Yeah, Mama.
Maybe I can get
you some cigarettes too?
Baby.
What kind? Menthol?
- Menthols, yeah.
- Right?
Yeah.
Yeah, and go get my baby
some ice cream.
Okay.
We'll be back soon.
Bye, Mama.
Mama...
...please don't go.
We cannot just keep her here.
Her mother must be worried sick,
and you could get into
huge legal trouble.
They can say that
you kidnapped her.
Neen, her mother doesn't
know a dick from a crack pipe.
She's high as fuck right now.
Look at how fucking skinny
she is, and she's terrified.
I can't let her go back to that.
She can't live like that.
Then we'll call the authorities,
Child Protective Services
or whatever they're called.
I'm sure that they handle
situations like this every day.
Yeah, they do.
That's the fucking problem.
They see jillions of them,
and they don't give a shit.
They don't try to
find them better homes.
They just place them with
some shitty fucking family
who, statistically speaking,
beat or try to fuck them.
And then they usually wind up
back with their parents.
So they learn never to tell
anyone their business,
never to trust.
How do you know all this?
Did you take some
social work course or something?
I'm not just some
spoiled brat debutant.
I just don't want to see you
get in over your head.
I know, Neen.
And I'm sorry.
I just feel helpless.
It's okay.
We'll get through it.
Good morning.
What's up, kid?
How you feeling?
Okay. Are we at your house?
Yeah. We're still at my dorm.
You hungry?
Yeah. Where's my Mama?
Bree, do you have a grandma
or an auntie
you can stay with
for a little while?
My grandma in Alabama.
How about a friend?
You.
I am your friend.
Let's see if we can
get you cleaned up.
Mama, I'm home.
Mama!
Hey, baby.
Baby, where you been?
- At Angie's.
- At who?
My Big Sister.
Girl, you ain't
got no Big Sister.
Why you always got to talk
so much shit, huh?
Hey, Anita.
I'm Angie. Remember?
Bree was with me.
I brought you some groceries.
Yeah, I do remember.
I am... I'm so sorry.
I'm just a little bit out of it.
Bree, go...
go grab your Mama
a beer out the fridge.
I know what you
must be thinking about me.
I wasn't always like this,
you know? I was...
I was studying to be a nurse,
almost graduated, too.
Why didn't you graduate?
Bree's Daddy got killed.
Couldn't do it all by myself.
Then I met Darnell.
He seemed so strong.
He said, "I'm going to take care
of you and your baby,
and he did for a bit.
It just felt so damn good
to breathe,
just catch my breath.
And then what happened?
Well, he lost his job
at the county,
couldn't find nothing else.
That shit messed with the
motherfucker's head, you know?
His two brothers got killed.
One brother graduated from
high school,
was fixin' to go to college.
Got shot right
around the corner.
Then he started
drinking too damn much.
And then the rock.
That motherfucking rock.
It was like...
it was like taking a vacation,
um...
floating in
the middle of the ocean.
Lasted ten seconds.
I been chasing that feeling
ever since.
Bree, where you at?
I'm here.
I opened it for you, Mama.
Thank you, baby.
So, what'd you do today?
Angie took me to this place
and there's all the cereal
and hamburgers you can eat!
I want to go to
college too, Mama!
That's nice, baby.
Yeah, and we rode in
a white bitch's fancy car!
And I was chilling
in the back seat!
Oh, that's, that's
my friend's car.
She's actually waiting for me.
I should go.
Uh, thank you so much.
I'll see you next week,
Breena Butter.
You wanna watch TV with Mom?
- Yeah.
- Um-hm.
What you want to watch?
I want to watch cartoons.
All right.
Anita?
You did a really
good job with her.
She's a good girl.
All right, baby.
Tell me about that bitch's car.
So, Aspen or...
They want to go
somewhere tropical.
How'd it go?
As well as can be expected.
Bree has food for
the next couple of days.
Thank you,
not just for the ride
but for hooking her up with
all the food and the goodies.
You don't have a monopoly
on soy, you know.
Maybe just on the dance floor.
You're welcome.
Anyway, as I was saying, I just
couldn't imagine being so far
from home on a holiday
that is all about being home,
and I don't want to
leave my friends.
Just, maybe I'm too...
For those of you in shock over
seeing a low grade...
- Oh, shit.
- ...on your exams,
I have a bit of advice.
Get used to it.
This is one of the toughest
classes you will take.
I posted my office hours.
You'd do well to avail
yourselves of my offer to help.
So what exactly are you saying?
I'm saying that it
sends them to the roof.
Eww, I don't think
I could ever do that.
It's the prostate.
It makes them ejaculate faster.
You frighten me.
Two o'clock.
Maybe you can, uh, demonstrate
on one of them for us.
Oh, ladies.
I am already on that shit.
- Trust me.
- Don't puke this time, Sarah.
Silence, urchin.
Watch and learn, ladies.
Buenos noches, ladies.
You're all
looking quite fetching.
Who writes your dialogue,
Ricardo Montalban.
Thank you. You're looking well.
- Thank you.
- Hey, Alex. Happy holidays.
So, are you up for some company
or is this a, uh, private party?
- No. We'd love to have you.
- It's a girl's night.
Please, join us.
Pay no mind to our rude girl.
She's from New Jersey.
It's not her fault.
Okay. The more the merrier.
I got to take a leak.
Please, excuse yourself.
You can take
the girl out of Jersey,
but you can't take the Jersey
out of the girl.
You're so vulgar.
Excuse me.
Don't be late, Donnie.
What? Are you following me now?
Maybe.
Why don't you kick it
with Sarah over there?
I'm sure she'd be more than
happy to help you
with your gambling issues.
You know,
she's not really my type.
Is that meant to devastate me?
God, I'm trying
my fucking best here.
All right? You made me work
so goddam hard.
I fucked you
20 minutes after I met you.
I'd hardly call that
a tough sell.
It was a hot night.
I barely remember.
So, uh, it was nice
catching up with you,
but, uh, I'm going to jet now.
Uh...
Friends?
Damn.
That was hot.
I guess it was okay.
You know, you are
a tough nut to crack.
It's like you're guarding this
deep dark secret.
I'm just who you see
in front of you.
Oh, bullshit.
Who is Angie Wang?
What do you do for fun?
What do you love?
Jesus.
I don't know.
Uh... I guess I love to dance.
All right, dancing.
It's a good release.
You know, actually I-I can think
of a release
that's far superior to that.
Frat boy.
This frat boy has some friends
that bounce at a place
down in the city.
- Want to go?
- I'm in.
Awesome.
I have a treat for you.
All right.
Primo Ex made by
my loving hands.
Holy shit! You're the fucking
mystery Ex goddess.
- Guilty.
- Oh, my God.
All my friends at USC and SMU,
everybody fucking knows
about you.
You are a celebrity.
I'm not worthy.
I bow humbly in your presence.
Let me anoint you.
Let's go.
Pretty rad, huh?
Holy shit.
- Hold on a sec.
- Uh-huh.
Two tequila shots.
Thank you.
To the land of milk and honey.
Hey, I'll be right back.
Um, excuse me.
- You miss me?
- Yeah.
I'm done here. Let's move on.
Why?
Let's go.
My Mom...
well, she is the queen
of the philanthropic world
in Orange County.
Plays a mean round of golf
and loves a glass of wine.
You should be with
somebody like your mother.
Oedipus Rex
is not for me.
So, what, you're looking
for something different?
A dash of spice, danger.
I just want to know
a little more about you.
Why is that so hard?
You want to know who I am?
I'm whoever you want me to be.
When did you say
your flight was?
Uh, tomorrow.
I leave early morning,
and I'll be home by dinner.
I really wish you were
coming home with me, Ang.
Yeah. Me too.
I'll see you soon, though.
Merry Christmas, Neen.
Merry Christmas.
I love you.
I love you too.
Hey, Pa, it's me.
Hi, Angie. I got your message.
- You got a job?
- Yeah.
Sorry I won't be able to
make it back for the holidays.
That's okay. I'm working anyway.
How's school?
Good. All A's.
Come back in
January, much cheaper then.
Okay, Pa.
- Okay.
- I love you.
Merry Christmas, Ang.
Same to you, Tommy.
- Thanks for letting me crash.
- Of course.
Mi casa es su casa.
Ah, I loved this one
when I was a kid.
Me too. Second only to Rudolph.
Agreed.
So, what's on the menu
for tonight? I'm starving.
Ah, we always have Chinese food.
Of course you do.
And what about your family?
Your Mom cook?
Uh, actually I wouldn't know.
She left when I was six.
Uh... So, who raised you?
You have aunties?
Uh, that was my babysitter.
My dad worked at a restaurant
so he was never home.
You have a brother, right?
Yeah.
But my mother took him with her.
So, it's just me
and my TV friends.
Did you ever see them?
Um, not for about five years.
Then she married
some white dude.
I haven't seen her for a while.
- You always lying! Lying!
- I'm not lying. He gave me...
But, uh, I talk to my
brother sometimes.
Oh, um, I almost forgot.
Merry Christmas, Tommy.
- Periodic table.
- Perfect.
For your collection.
Yes.
Oh, and the scarf is Chinese red
to keep you warm
on your scooter.
It's cashmere.
Wow, cashmere.
I don't own anything cashmere.
Well, now you do.
Looks good.
Thanks.
I have something for you.
Oh, my God.
It's beautiful, Tommy.
I-I got it in Chinatown.
I thought a cross would
protect your heathen soul.
And it's a perfume bottle.
Holy shit!
It's a stash necklace!
What?
The guy said it was for perfume.
It's perfect.
I love it. Thank you.
I think it's my favorite
Christmas present ever.
Hey.
Hey, Mom.
Tommy!
Angie.
Welcome.
Tommy said you very smart,
but he not say how pretty.
Oh, thank you.
You hungry?
I'm starving. How can I help?
I like her, Tommy.
Sure you can't stay?
Uh, I wish I could,
but I promised my uncle
I'd spend Christmas
with them so...
My family really likes you.
They're great, Tommy.
I think you're pretty great.
Tommy, look at me.
I'm not great.
I'm just a good friend
and nothing more. Trust me.
Ang, I know what I see.
I know what you do
for that little girl at APA.
You have a big heart, and you're
brilliant and beautiful to boot.
Anyone would be lucky to have...
Please don't talk to me like
that! Promise me, Tommy!
I'm crazy!
I'm not for you, okay?
I don't get you.
No, you don't.
And thank God, because
you wouldn't be my friend if...
Merry Christmas.
I'll see you next Thursday.
Merry Christmas, Angie.
Papa, papa.
I told you to go to sleep! Okay?
You go to sleep!
I say go to sleep!
Oh, shit.
We've had a
difficult time sourcing.
We would be very happy
to distribute the Ecstasy
in our nightclub.
- For a fee.
- For a cut.
We will take all
that you can supply,
and I'm sure we can come to a
mutually beneficial arrangement.
Yes.
Let's hope so.
I'd like to remind you
there is a quiz next week.
So please, be prepared
and class is dismissed.
Ang? What's up?
You want to grab some lunch?
Um, I'm sorry. I'm late.
Uh, but lunch tomorrow.
I love you.
Uh, okay.
See ya.
This is not what we agreed to.
I'm not busting my ass
for $18 a unit!
Think of it as
a volume discount.
You know what? Angie...
Shut the fuck up, Alex!
No one is talking to you!
Fine. Find your own ride.
You're squeezing me,
and I don't like it!
I can make just as fucking much
selling it myself!
I just want
what I'm entitled to.
And what would that be?
The split we agreed to.
I'm afraid that I cannot
honor that, my dear.
No money, no dope, no deal.
I think you need to rethink
your position, my dear!
No wonder you were a fat kid.
Tommy, you eat like a pig.
I need sustenance, okay?
That exam was brutal.
Even you must have
had a hard time.
Yeah, I bombed it.
Holy. I don't believe it.
Well, believe it.
Did you get what
I asked you for?
Yeah, I did, but Ang, this is
the last time I do this. Okay?
Okay.
Jesus, I asked you
for a fucking rotary one,
not a single press dimwit!
Do you know how long it takes
to press a thousand pills?
I'm falling behind
in production.
I can't make this shit
fast enough!
This one is industrial grade,
which is what you asked for.
I can't smuggle out
a damned rotary press!
This could cost me my job,
you know?
Quit being a fucking pussy!
I'm not a pussy, Ang. I just...
I'm not crazy.
Look, maybe you should
slow down.
Take some time.
Your grades...
you look exhausted.
You could get in
serious trouble.
Spare me one of
your sermons, Tommy.
It's not illegal to have
a pill press, you know?
Yeah, but it is to steal one
from a pharmaceutical company.
On a more festive note,
did you remember that
it's your beloved friend's
birthday this week?
You're coming
on Thursday, right?
Oh, shit.
Tommy, I'm so sorry.
I forgot. I'm busy.
Look, uh, what if I take you out
clubbing this weekend instead?
The royal treatment, okay?
All right. But try to come
Thursday if you can.
No can do,
but we're on for Saturday.
Okay.
Check, please.
Tommy, you're such a
girl. Come on. Let's get going.
Perfection takes time, Ang.
Besides, this is supposed to be
my night out.
Just relax.
Fine. Whatever.
That's more like it.
Now, talk to me. What's, uh,
new and exciting in your life?
Give me the dirt.
Jesus, you really are the gayest
straight man I've ever met.
I will take that
as a compliment.
Okay, let's see.
Uh, I'm hating classes.
Alex is getting
more predictable.
Oh, and here's the shocker.
My narcissistic cunt of a mother
keeps calling
and asking to see me.
Wow..
Are you going to see her?
I have nothing to say
to that bitch!
Ang, you know
I'm your friend, right?
I'm always on your side.
I just want you to be okay.
Yeah, I know, Tommy.
Thanks.
And as your friend,
I just want to say that maybe
it's time you talked to her.
You know, bury the hatchet.
I think it's the only way
for you to be happy.
Don't hold on to so much anger.
It's not good for you.
That's what the Buddhists say.
I'll take it under advisement,
Jiminy Cricket.
What?
I don't know what that is.
You know,
Pinocchio's cricket friend
who was actually his conscience.
You don't know Jiminy Cricket?
Seriously, Ang,
just think about it.
Hey, how are you?
What's up?
Hey.
Holy shit.
You know everyone here.
I told you. VIP all the way.
- Uh, Ang?
- Hey.
Yeah.
I'm embarrassed to ask,
but what's a VIP?
A very idiotic prick.
No, seriously.
Shut up, Tommy.
Just relax. Have a good time.
It is your birthday.
It is.
Hey, this is my friend, Tommy.
It's his birthday tonight.
Uh, can we get
another bottle of this?
- Wow.
- It's your special night, buddy.
Thanks.
This is life. Holy Toledo.
I've never felt
this good before, ever.
Happy birthday, Tommy.
I love you, and you're the best.
Thanks. I love you too.
Cheers.
- Whoa.
- Oh, damn.
This stuff's delicious.
You might want to slow down
and pace yourself there.
You don't want to
go out like a punk.
What? Me?
I'm a professional.
A professional.
All right. If you say so.
It's your birthday.
I'm gonna dance.
Erm, go get 'em killer.
You're next.
Make him feel special.
Here, for your troubles.
Oh, nice.
He's worth like 35 bucks.
Excuse me.
What did you just say?
Oh, I was just telling my friend
it cost like 35 bucks to buy
this here.
Thirty-five?
Uh, yeah.
I mean, it's not cheap,
but it is
the best shit there is.
Make sure he has
the time of his life tonight.
You motherfucker.
Ang, I don't feel so good.
- Hey.
- I got to get out of here.
Hold on for a minute. I need
to take care of something first.
Yeah, okay.
Hey, can you take care of him?
Grab him a Ginger Ale
or something.
- I'll be right back.
- Okay.
Take me outside.
- Are you okay?
- I think I'm going to puke.
You know, you're hot.
You're like an angel right now.
That's very sweet.
No, like, seriously.
We should...
we should go out
somewhere sometime.
Why don't we go outside?
I should warn you. I've...
I've never had sex before.
Uh, I'll keep that in mind.
Angie, to what do I owe
the pleasure?
You having a good night?
I was until I heard some
pretty disturbing news.
What ever could you have heard?
You're so full of shit,
you greasy motherfucker!
- Angie, you should calm down.
- Calm down?
I just heard you're making
35 fucking dollars
for the Ex
I am busting my ass to make!
And you have
the fucking audacity
to squeeze my side too?
You cock sucking piece of shit!
Give me my money!
You should watch your mouth
because it could get you in
some trouble someday.
Fuck you! This is my money!
You crazy little whore!
You fucking cunt!
Ang, I don't feel good.
Ang?
Tommy!
Tommy.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
I'm okay. I'm okay.
No, Tommy. Oh, no.
Somebody help me!
You'll be okay.
You're going to be okay.
You're going to be...
You have to be okay.
Somebody help me, please.
Somebody help me.
Tommy friend, huh?
- Yes.
- No.
- No drinking.
- Yes.
I'm sorry.
We weren't able to save him.
Tommy!
You have to save him!
Hi.
- It looks good.
- Thanks.
I'm not for you, okay?
You! Get out!
My Tommy was a good boy!
He no drink! He no go to clubs!
That was you!
The drug dealer's
on bail already.
This is your fault!
You should be the one
in the ground today!
Angie, I'm so sorry.
Why didn't you tell me?
What?
You would have gone
to the dork's funeral.
It wasn't a
fucking social event, Jeanine.
Come here. Let me help you.
No.
- Stop.
- Don't touch me. Don't touch me.
Angie.
I'm sorry if I'm not up to
Miss Martha's
fucking standards of etiquette.
How you're doing? I don't think
that this is helping.
Stop. Stop! Stop! Look at me!
Let me help you!
Fuck off me
and leave me the fuck alone!
I don't need your fucking help!
You're the one that needs help.
I'm not Mary!
I can hold my fucking liquor!
Whatever the fuck
you want, Angie.
Get the fuck out!
Leave me the fuck alone!
Tommy would hate this!
You know that!
I don't need any of you!
I don't need you!
In light of the
admission of guilt,
the grave nature of the offenses
and the utter lack of remorse
on the part of the defendant,
the judicial panel,
on careful review, has
recommended immediate expulsion.
All scholarships and grants
will be rescinded retroactively.
Additional restitution
to the chemistry department
will be due promptly.
Hello?
Angie?
Uh... It's, uh,
Stephen Rockwell.
How are you? Look...
it's about Jeanine.
Geez.
I always thought I'd be
the first to wind up
in the psych ward.
I never thought
I'd see you again.
You didn't call me.
I thought you forgot about me.
No.
No, no. Oh, my God.
I'm so sorry.
I think I can get some
leave-in conditioner
downstairs at the drugstore.
I know you only
like that salon shit.
We're going to need a lot
to get through all these knots.
What the hell did you do?
I don't know.
Well, we'll get through it.
So, how much longer are
they going to keep you here?
I don't know.
They're still concerned
about my...
suicidal ideation.
They think I'm crazy.
You didn't really mean to do it,
did you?
I don't know, Ang.
I just felt so empty,
like I was slipping
into nothingness.
So I just kept taking
more and doing more.
Next thing you know
I end up in the looney bin.
I'm sorry I split like that.
Um, please don't do
that again, okay?
Will you promise me?
Because I couldn't bear
losing you too.
This rat's nest
is finally coming out.
You're really good at this, Ang.
Thank you.
Don't leave me.
I promise you I won't.
Let's keep fixing my hair.
I can't face my public
like this.
Well, we'd be
fucking done already
if you weren't so damned
tender headed.
Sheesh, you're the
nappiest headed white girl
I have ever seen.
I missed you.
I missed you too.
This is absolutely
fucking absurd.
I am completely
capable of walking.
Jeeves, you're fired.
Ugh, you're lucky I don't
dump your wrist cutting
alcoholic white ass
out of this motherfucker.
Can wait to shove you
in that fucking car.
Where the hell is Matt?
So, what's next for you?
Back to the club
and my little cage.
Promise me you'll consider
going back to school, Ang.
You're better than that.
I mean, I don't know.
Tommy wouldn't want
to see you like this.
It would break his heart.
What does your dad have
to say about all this?
I don't know.
I haven't seen him
since I left for Crocker.
You should go visit
your Dad, Ang.
He must be so worried about you.
Jesus, get off me.
You deserve a good life.
So do you.
- Hi, Daddy.
- Hi, sweetie.
Angie.
- You ready, pumpkin?
- Yeah.
Let's get out of here.
Hi.
You're home.
Hey, Pa.
You hungry?
Yeah, I am.
I can heat leftovers.
What do you think
you'll do for summer then?
Uh, I was thinking of signing up
for some summer classes
at Rutgers.
School's good.
You can work here
at the restaurant.
Yeah. Maybe.
Why didn't you call me?
I didn't want you to know.
I didn't want to disappoint you.
Disappoint me?
You're my daughter.
But I know how
important school is to you,
and I know how important it is.
I just want you to be happy,
to have a good life.
What was your friend's name?
Thomas Lu.
Tommy.
Nice boy?
Chinese?
Yeah.
He was a good guy.
You would have liked him.
He didn't deserve to die.
You know, when I was young
I had a friend from Hubei,
my best friend.
We would race to school
every morning
because the first ones in class
would win free youtiao
for breakfast.
He was faster than me,
but he would always wait for me
so that we both would win.
The Japanese executed
his father right in front of us.
The next time I saw him was
before we leave for Hong Kong.
It was snowing.
He was begging in the streets.
No shoes, just fabric and rope
tied to his feet.
He had his little sister
on his back.
I gave the last
of my food to him,
and, uh...
he just fed his sister.
I wish I could have done more.
He must be dead.
Life is cruel.
Good people die, Angie.
But we're not bad people
for surviving.
You eat.
I'm going to go sleep.
Papa's tired.
Pa...
I love you.
- It's going to be okay.
- Mm-hm.
You're strong like papa.
Can I help you with something?
Hey, I saw the poster outside.
I'm here about the job opening.
You look a little precious,
and these are pretty tough kids
we're dealing with,
gang bangers, drug dealers.
Do you think you
can handle that?
Yeah.
You could say
I have some experience.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org